The Training Scene
A guy puts his hand into the ball return, and his fingers are crushed which is when the alternate team member gets his hopes up, but the guy is like, naw I am o.k.

During training one of the team always runs up to the machine and keeps tripping into the machine

maybe a nod to caddy shack we can have a gopher knock the ball out, of a machine in the background and another person getting some dynamite sticks.

They keep having to go under the drinking fountain. 

Chucky Cheese knocks kids out of the way to take it over.   Maybe the kids kick their butts. 

Run up a small dirt mound, and be out of wind?

train with a under 8 softball team for tossing




Concepts
Ninja Toss of the skee ball to the hero character who chops the ball in half slicing it into two halves which go into the both 100 point slots to win with the highest possible score ever in skeeball. 
one of the villains should have reupholstered his car interior in denim
Lines
>> That may be the best strip mall I've ever seen - in one stop I can get a car, airsoft and paintball gun, some art design, a fireplace, and then go to both the gentleman's club and the Brewski's arcade

>> we can take the left-over quarters from the arcade and go to the gentlemen's club and make it hail!

>> "I just went to Luxor Motors and picked up a new 2004 Lexus!"




I would love for the evil character to hand a kid in the Aracade a shit flavored lollipop.   Low brow comedy sells


[11:09] 
Oh we need to have the character in a Saturn car.  And the villian comes and smacks his head into the new dent resistant doors and says, "oh that really does work"

Opening
Player1 is asleep, dead quiet, mouth breathing. The camera slowly pulls away from his face to show a knot of twisted blankets and a carpet full of beer stains. The cd stereo alarm clock shows 10:24, you can tell from the light coming in through the blinds that it is AM. The clock turns to 10:25 and then… Ants Marching by Dave Matthews starts playing. Player1 is completely unphased, but it is blaringly loud. You hear pounding on the wall. Camera keeps panning out to show a very early 2000s looking bachelor pad of a room… except with 2 beds, one empty(even better there is a big empty spot where a bed used to be, you can see the gross black ring around the bed with dirt on the wall/carpet. The carpet under where the bed was is still clean, but nobody cleaned Player3’s side of the room when he left). Player2 pounds again and starts yelling through the wall. After a few seconds you hear stomping, a door slam open, stomping, and Player2 slams open the door. (Still top view but camera cuts here) door burst open and player2 looks pissed. It’s Saturday and nobody in the house wants to get up that early. 

Player2 starts to rouse Player1 with a lot of physical force.
	Player2 to Player1: “Turn that shit off!”
	Player1: “Dave Matthews isn’t shit he is a god, you take it back!”
Player2 slams the alarm with his fist until the music stops, player1 jumps out of bed
	Player1: “take it back”
The fight about DMB ensues, Player4 walks in, Player1 asks him if he likes DMB, Player4 starts to agree but player2 tells him to shut up because the argument isn’t about DMB. Player1 says if it isn’t about the music it must be about the room, that player2 just wants it for himself. Again player1 asks player4 if he thinks it is about the room, player4 has no response, but player2 tells him to shut up anyway. Player2 insists it is not about the room, it is about the music so loud in the morning. Everyone is trying to sleep still, and they don’t want to piss off the neighbors. Player1 says something about how the neighbors have been up for hours, camera angle shows the clock now at 10:28-10:30, and he starts to walk out into the living room with attached kitchen to pour some cereal. Cuts to living room, PlayerA (alternate) is laying on the couch under a blanket and asks, what’s going on, Player1 just yells back into the room that Player2 is “being a dick” cut to player2 and player4, player2 is apologizing for telling player4 to shut up and trying to explain that player1 was just trying to use him to distract from the argument. Player4 just shrugs and says something to dismiss it. Cut back to living room. In the shot you can see PlayerA still on couch, probably picking up a bag of stale chips and starting to eat it, and in the background Player1 gets out some milk, then a bowl, then opens a cabinet to find… NO CEREAL. Player1 yells out to player2 “HEY PLAYER2, YOUR GIRL CAN’T COME OVER, EAT ALL OUR CEREAL, AND LEAVE!” Starts ranting about all the stuff she does that annoys player1.

Player4 comes out and sits on the lazyboy, Player2 comes out and stands in the doorway. Camera cuts to a wide shot where all 4 are in view. The crazy decor of the apartment is all in view, including a ridiculously large lava lamp sitting on an end table between the two doors to the bedrooms. There is a short shouting match where Player1 and Player2 are yelling across the room, over the head of PlayerA and across Player4. Player 2 opens his arms wide, still in the doorway threshold, and knocks over the lava lamp, destroying it. The room goes silent. 

Player1 is mad because it “really tied the room together.” Player4 and playerA try to calm him down while player2 apologizes. A crescendo of noise and then one of them just starts screaming until everyone is quiet. In the silence, you hear Ants Marching by DMB and car noises fade in from the background, quickly getting louder. You hear what sounds like a car parking in the driveway… the engine dies… a couple more seconds of music while Player2 says, we can talk about it later, Player1 agrees. Then footsteps in silence. Player3 opens the door without knocking and just goes “WWAAAAAAAAAAZZZZZZZZZZAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH! Oh shit, what happened to the lamp?”   

Story

The group 


The End 


