Characters
The team of four, plus their alternate. A group of 30 somethings still living like it’s the early 2000s. All living in a 2 bed 1 bath house they rent in santa monica. 

Player1
Would actually be a great nickname. Egotistical driver of the group. Pushing them to practice.
Think Elric Bachman from silicon valley. TJ Miller could be a good casting choice too. Player1 has to get hurt so that the alternate subs for him this puts all the winning tickets in the hands of player2 at the climax of the movie, where player2 must decide between the ring for his girlfriend, or the lava lamp for the team.

Player2
Has a love interest who doesn’t care about skeeball. Wants to impress her by winning the tickets for the fake diamond ring. Player 2 is pissed that they are all splitting rent 4 ways still when player one gets the solo room. If anyone should have the solo room it is player 2 because he has a serious girlfriend, yet he is always late on the rent. Player1 keeps underplaying how serious they are and player3 / player4 / alternate dont really care about the room situation at all. Player3 just tells Player2 he should move out like he did.

Player3
Actually has his act together. He moved out months ago and is slowly outgrowing them, yet still comically immature. Guilted into staying until the competition is over because he is better than player 4 or alternate, and no way to find someone new.  He wants to focus on more serious pursuits, such as bar trivia.

Player4
The “Donny” of the group. Not the meekness of Donny, just totally out of his element in most situations but a good skee ball player. Also even though all of them grew up in santa monica, this guy acts like he is from jersey.

Alternate
The bum of this group of bums. Even though player 3 moved out they still make him sleep on the couch because he isn’t “on the team.” Inevitably saves the day. 

The pro
Ken Jeong would be a perfect old pro who trains them.  His initials are ASS, and he is secretly the best arcade gamer ever.

Love interest
Doesn’t care at all about skeeball. Not a prize pig herself, though (don’t want to have the BS thing where the impossibly hot and successful woman continues seeing the deadbeat).

The Opposing Team
College team of showboats. Dave Franco good possible cast for leader.  These guys are general mirror images of the main characters, but still living high off their parents’ money.

The Cameo
Someone whose career peaked in the early 2000s that these guys idolize. Dave Matthews?
Seth Green would be an awesome cameo! He comes out as another skee ball pro on a different team, or as a mentor for the college team (like the older brother). He looks exactly like he did in austin powers the spy who shagged me.
